docs: Library -> Package (#5292)
dfinity/motoko: doc/md/fundamentals/3-types/8-immutable-arrays.md

## Transforming arrays

> Motoko's base package [`Array`](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/motoko/base/Array) provides built-in functions for mapping over elements, filtering values, and summing numerical arrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`Array`](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/motoko/base/Array) module in Motoko's base package contains built-in functions for mapping over elements, filtering values, and summing numerical arrays.
```
